Add docs for deploy api to microgateway via APIM and apictl, and fix links related to mgw (#3439)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/api-microgateway/deploy-api/deploy-api-to-microgateway.md

# Deploy an API to Microgateway

There are two ways to add an API to the Microgateway.

1. [Via API Manager](#via-api-manager)

    By enabling the Control Plane Event Hub in the Microgateway configuration file, the APIs deployed in API Manager will automatically be available in Microgateway. 

2. [Via the CLI tool (apictl)](#via-the-cli-tool-apictl)

>     If you are not using WSO2 API Manager yet, or only want to tryout microgateway, simply use the CLI tool [apictl](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim-tooling/releases) to host your API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are not using WSO2 API Manager yet, or only want to try out Microgateway, simply use the CLI tool [apictl](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim-tooling/releases) to host your API.
```
Shouldn't it be Choreo Connect and not Microgateway?

Reviewer 2: We thought of renaming all the places in one go

## Via API Manager

!!! info
    **Before you begin**

>     - Make sure you have installed docker and docker-compose on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make sure you have installed Docker and Docker Compose on your machine.
```

    - Download the latest [Microgateway 4.0.0 release](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/releases)and extract it to a folder of your choice. The extracted folder will be referred to as `MG_HOME` here onwards.

>     - This guide assumes that you have already started the WSO2 API Manager instance. If not, download the latest [release](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim/releases)and follow the steps [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim#installation--running)

Reviewer: This is ok currently but this needs to be updated once the GA release goes out.

Author: Will do once the GA is released

!!! tip

    The apictl commands here onwards are executed with the -k flag to avoid SSL verification with the microgateway.

    To communicate via https without skipping SSL verification (without -k flag), add the cert in the Microgateway truststore into the `<USER_HOME>/.wso2apictl/certs` folder.

### Step 4 - Login to the Mcrogateway Environment in apictl

You can use the following command to login to the above microgateway cluster (in other words login to the microgateway adapter). By logging in, an access token will be retrived from the microgateway and saved in apictl.

``` bash
apictl mg login dev -k
```

or

``` bash
apictl mg login dev -u admin -p admin -k
```

### Step 5 - Deploy the API

Now let's deploy the API to Microgateway by executing the following command.

``` bash
apictl mg deploy api -f <path_to_the_API_project_just_created>/petstore -e dev -k
```

That's it!

More apictl commands related to microgateway can be found at [Managing Microgateway with apictl]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/managing-microgateways/managing-microgateways-with-ctl)

## Invoke the API

> {! ./includes/obtain-jwt.md !}

Reviewer: Was his tested locally?

Author: Yes, both the cases were tested locally.
